added an example of source element using height & width attributes (#21819)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/source/index.md

</picture>
```

### Picture with height & width attributes example

> In this example, three `<source>` elements are included within the {{HTMLElement("picture")}}, each `<source>` element has it's own {{htmlattrdef("height")}} & {{htmlattrdef("width")}} attributes applied and this help reduce Layout Shift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, three `<source>` elements with {{htmlattrdef("height")}} and {{htmlattrdef("width")}} attributes are included in a {{HTMLElement("picture")}} element.
A [media query](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries) allows the browser to select an image to display with the `height` and `width` attributes based on the [viewport](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Viewport) size.
```

```html

> <picture>

Reviewer: Can you run Prettier over the example?

Author: Done

  <source srcset="mdn-logo-landscape.png"
media="(min-width: 1000px)" width="1000" height="400">
  <source srcset="mdn-logo-square.png"
media="(min-width: 800px)" width="800" height="800">
  <source srcset="mdn-logo-portrait.png"
media="(min-width: 600px)" width="600" height="800">

> <img src="mdn-logo-fallback.png " alt="" width="500" height="400">

Author: done

</picture>
```

> With the `<picture>` element, you must always include an `<img>` with a fallback image, with an `alt` attribute to ensure accessibility (unless the image is an irrelevant background decorative image).

Reviewer: I think this one was part of the previous example, not sure if it makes a difference

Author: Yes it was part of the original example, but it applies to both which is my justification for moving it below both examples

Author: I have re-ordered it
